Shehzad Anwar
925-964-6117 | shehzanwar@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/shehzanwar | github.com/shehzanwar
Education
Georgia Institute of Technology Atlanta, GA
Master of Science in Analytics Expected 2027
Arizona State University Tempe, AZ
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Graduated Dec. 2023, Cum Laude
Experience
Data Analyst Intern Aug 2023 – Jan 2024
Trinamix Inc. San Jose, CA
– Strengthened system security by conducting a data integrity audit on an internal tool; identified and reported over
15 critical access discrepancies, leading to a revision of user access protocols.
– Identified security vulnerabilities by querying and validating thousands of log entries with SQL, which led to the
remediation of 5 unauthorized access points and enhanced compliance with internal security protocols.
– Monitored system logs to ensure compliance with internal security protocols and maintain the integrity of user
data.
Freelance Developer Jan 2023 – Dec 2023
Yanbor LLC. Tempe, AZ
– Led the technical redesign of a core business application, improving platform performance by 25% and modernizing
the user interface to enhance usability.
– Engineered a critical data processing tool in Python to parse and optimize large, complex files, reducing processing
time by 27% and ensuring 100% data integrity for system compatibility
– Designed a robust file handling system that segmented large files into 4MB chunks, preserving structural integrity
to meet legacy system constraints.
– Managed project priorities and coordinated tasks using a Jira-based workflow to ensure timely completion.
Relevant Coursework & Projects
ISYE 6740: Computational Data Analysis In Progress
Georgia Institute of Technology
– Developed and evaluated predictive models for complex regression and classification tasks, achieving 92% accuracy
on benchmark datasets.
– Developed predictive models for regression and classification tasks using Ridge/Lasso and tree-based methods,
validated with 10-fold cross-validation
ISYE 7406: Data Mining & Statistical Learning In Progress
Georgia Institute of Technology
– Implemented core machine learning algorithms from scratch in Python, including PCA, K-Means Clustering, and
Support Vector Machines, to analyze their computational performance.
Extra-Curriculars
Vice President, Interior Jan 2022 - Dec 2022
Beta Chi Theta Tempe, AZ
– Collaborated with leadership to revamp organizational structure, leading to an increase in member engagement.
– Mentored new members, fostering leadership development and promoting higher fraternity participation and
retention.
Technical Skills
Proficient: Python, R, SQL, Java
Familiar with: C#, VB, HTML/CSS, MATLAB, Git
Libraries & Frameworks: Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, .NET
Developer Tools: PostgreSQL, Jira, Wireshark, Excel